Adding `FormTextField` component (#16497)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: ui/components/component-library/form-text-field/README.mdx

import { Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

import { FormTextField } from './form-text-field';

# FormTextField

> The `FormTextField` allows users to enter text to search. It wraps the `TextField` component that adds a search icon to the left of the input.

Author: Update to:
```suggestion
The `FormTextField` is an input component to create forms. It bundles the `Label, `TextField` and `HelptText` component together
```

Author: done

<Canvas>
  <Story id="ui-components-component-library-form-text-field-form-text-field-stories-js--default-story" />
</Canvas>

## Props

The `FormTextField` accepts all props below as well as all [Box](/docs/ui-components-ui-box-box-stories-js--default-story#props), [TextField](/docs/ui-components-component-library-text-field-text-field-stories-js--default-story#props) and [TextFieldBase](/docs/ui-components-component-library-text-field-base-text-field-base-stories-js--default-story#props) component props

> <ArgsTable of={FormTextField} />

Author: I guess I need to add all the different seeing as I am exposing them and passing them to each child component sigh.

- [ ] Add all missing propTypes

Also weird that these are showing up as `unknown`

<img width="1115" alt="Screen Shot 2022-11-14 at 6 14 19 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8112138/201794805-0cbd86e5-c8aa-47ba-81d5-aed415618abd.png">

Author: I think we have a resolution for this now! Which is to include the children component ArgTables in the parent component MDX documentation!
